[DOCS] Update README with simulation instructions, env vars (#184)
chipsalliance/caliptra-ss: README.md

`AVERY_HOME`: Installation root for Avery VIP<BR>
`AVERY_PLI`: Directory within AVERY_HOME that contains avery_pli<BR>
`AVERY_SIM`: Directory within AVERY_HOME that contains avery_sim<BR>
`AVERY_AXI`: Directory within AVERY_HOME that contains axixactor<BR>
`AVERY_I3C`: Directory within AVERY_HOME that contains i3cxactor<BR>

Required for Firmware (i.e. Test suites) makefile:<BR>
  `TESTNAME`: Contains the name of one of the tests listed inside the `$CALIPTRA_SS_ROOT/src/integration/test_suites` folder; used for simulations with `caliptra_ss_top_tb` tests<BR>
  `CALIPTRA_TESTNAME`: Identifies which firmware test will be compiled and executed on the Caliptra Core RV processor as part of the Subsystem test. This may indicate the name of a directory inside `$CALIPTRA_ROOT/src/integration/test_suites`, or it may indicate the name of a test firmware file contained inside the caliptra-ss repository for execution on Caliptra core. In this case, the file must be:
  * Located in the same directory as the MCU test firmware, i.e. `$CALIPTRA_SS_ROOT/src/integration/test_suites/$TESTNAME`

>   * Be named with a `cptra` prefix, to uniquely identify it from MCU firmware test files

Reviewer: nit - reads like be be?
must be:
 * Be named

Author: thanks - fixed.

```

## **Verilog File Lists** ##
VF files provide absolute filepaths (prefixed by the `CALIPTRA_SS_ROOT` environment variable) to each compile target for the associated component.<BR>
The "Integration" sub-component contains the top-level fileset for Caliptra Subsystem. `src/integration/config/compile.yml` defines the required filesets and sub-component dependencies for this build target. All of the files/dependencies for compiling the top-level testbench are explicitly listed in `src/integration/config/caliptra_ss_top_tb.vf`. Users may compile the entire design using only this VF filelist.<BR>
Verilog file lists are generated via VCS and included in the config directory for each unit. File lists define the compilation sources (including all dependencies) required to build and simulate a given module or testbench, and should be used by integrators for simulation, lint, and synthesis. Compilation using the provided Verilog file lists requires all [environment variables](#environment-variables) to be defined.

> IMPORTANT: Users MUST download the ARM AXI4 Protocol Checker from ARM's website, as it is a dependency
> for the Avery AXI VIP. This file contains copyrighted materials and therefore is not included in the
> caliptra-ss GitHub repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Important: Users must download the [ARM AXI4 Protocol Checker](https://developer.arm.com/downloads/view/BP063) from ARM, as it is a dependency
for the Avery AXI VIP. These files contain proprietary materials and therefore are not included in the
caliptra-ss GitHub repository.
```
